hello friends I serve a method working
as an assistant professor in Brioni suit
of science and management welcome you
all on behalf of guru Kyoko today we are
going to discuss about a very recent all
becomes a very popular concept that is
known as the different type of
advertisements as we usually started
various type of advertisement or we came
across the different type of
advertisements in our daily life so this
is we are going to discuss in our
today's discussion now there different
level advertisement that can be termed
as commercial non-commercial primary
demand advertising selective demand
advertising comparative classified and
displayed rising and there are many more
advertisements form but we are going to
resist about some of these issues now
the first is the commercial as we all
know commercial when this void comes in
a mind we means of business and when we
say or anything about the business it
means to sale and to earn the profit so
commercial advertisements are nothing
but they are just promoting the product
to increase the sales to increase the
revenue or basically to influence our
all.we or consumer in order to purchase
the product because the commercial
Arbutus winds are basically those that
are simply emphasizing on the utility of
a product on the particular brand and
many more we can see commercial
advertisements nowadays using
celebrities also with the term that we
must heard about it that is celebrity
endorsements now when we see on the TV
that the famous actress Aishwarya Rai
Bachchan is promoting the product of
Laurel so what is that she is just doing
- endorsing the product in order to
increase its sales so that is known as
the commercial advertisements or we
simply see says that if any famous
athlete bragging about the benefits of
any particular type of products it wear
shoes or any energy drink so then it can
also be a thermos commercial
advertisement now next we move to the
non commercial one opposed to the
commercial one non commercial
advertisements are those that are
basically promoting the social cost and
main purpose is to educate the people
now here the point comes why we need to
educate the people now non commercial
advertisement are those that are
basically advertised by some
not profitable institutions all we can
say our government of India or somewhat
religious already political institution
to create the awareness among the public
about promoting some social costs or
sometimes these needs are such that
basically influence to change the
activity habits or to change the
consumer behavior we frequently see the
advertisements on the television or any
internet or we might see these oddities
within the newspaper or magazine that to
prevent leaking so one must go not with
the alcohol and basically tobacco so
these ads are such that basically reduce
the pre consumption of tobacco and
alcohol related products of ideas these
are doing this because they want to
communicate they want or sending message
to the public that please do not consume
tobacco do not consume liquor as it
cause a danger to your health so these
are known as non commercial
advertisements Nexus primary demand
advertising now the primary means is a
very basic thing so primary demand
advertising are those that basically
promote the particular product category
I I want to emphasize here it means a
particular product category not a
specific brand there is a very famous
campaign of got milk in abroad
few years back now that got milk
advertising campaign was advertised to
basically increase the consumption of
milk among the public rather than they
are influencing on which brand of the
milk of course you should have so here
that campaign was done in order to
promote the activity of consuming the
milk and to induce to the consumer that
they should consume a one cup of milk
every day one nice thing also included
in the primary demand that the
advertisers also include these type of
advertising when the product is
introduced in the market just to make
the consumer aware about a general
product category in the year 1970 when
the VCRs was launched so they take the
advertising campaigning was just done to
know
or to make sure to remind the consumers
that yes VCR is very indeed product it
is a valuable product so they're not
focusing on which means here you should
go with whether to go with any
particular company or LeBron no they are
basically focusing on the VCR product
that is a product category so that can
also be turned as a primary in Amarna
critizing next is a selected demand now
as a name subject selective Devine
so these advertising are basically done
in order to promote a particular brand
so here manufacturer is totally focused
on its old brand they just want to show
that their brand is better they just
want to show that their utilities their
benefits are much better as compared to
other product by showing some unique
characteristics next is a classified
part now the H which we use to see in
the newspaper which we used to see in
other periodicals like we want a house
for rent or we want term basically to
sale anything just matrimonial sites
there's nothing but they are termed is a
classified ads now these ads are
generally of a short length and they are
basically specified no one column so
classified advertisements are basically
common in the periodicals and they are
also cheap Nexis display advertisements
not display display mean something that
is larger in size item read display
something big people will notice it so
disparities we are much larger then
classify that because it contains text
also it contains companies images also
companies pictures also coming lobos
also and sometimes it contains picture
maps also so sometimes if we see that
any exhibition is there so we use you
watch a posters on the screen on the big
balls that the execution is of
particular product with timings
with rate discount everything is there
so system for posters are included in
the display advertising posters holding
banners which we used to see on railway
stations bus stations or in airport at
all so that can be done as a display
precisely and the last but not the least
is the comparative advertising now when
I can say comparative it means I am
comparing my ad with another competitor
so to getting critics are this first
competitive advertising are those that
promote its own advantage and second not
only one taste but it is showing that
how I am superior as my competitor so
indirectly what I am doing I am
basically reflecting my competitor
weakness so in this way what I advertise
I used to do in the comparative
advertising he or she tried to portray
the images of the product better than
the competitor because in this way I
just want to show that my product is
better as compared to competitor so
indirectly what by making a direct
references we were said about the
grinning type Coke and Pepsi same slogan
haulage Apple in Samson and whore sorry
Apple and Samsung holic and Compline
according humor sities so these are the
examples of comparative advertising
because these companies use to be a
competitor of each other so let's just I
want to say that where a variety of the
advertise mean different type of
admitted advertisements are there but
just to promote a particular product
which type of advertisement you should
refer that should be dependent on a
particular target audience and that
should be depend on the particular taste
and the preference of the consumer thank
you thank you and thank you for watching
this video and for further details
kindly log on to our website
www.graebert.com